RFC-39: Promote abyss-w as go-storage Reviewer (#39)
beyondstorage/community: docs/rfcs/39-promote-abyss-w-as-go-storage-reviewer.md

- Author: JinnyYi <github.com/JinnyYi>
- Start Date: 2021-08-20
- RFC PR: [beyondstorage/community#39](https://github.com/beyondstorage/community/issues/39)
- Tracking Issue: N/A

> RFC-39: Promote abyss-w as go-storage Reviewer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# RFC-39: Promote abyss-w as go-storage Reviewer
```

## Background

> [abyss-w] is an active contributor of go-storage and related services since July. Due to her contributions, we nominate her as go-storage contributor in [#21](https://github.com/beyondstorage/community/pull/21). Since then, she has continued to improved her personal skills and project understanding, continued to contribute to community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[abyss-w] is an active contributor of go-storage and related services since July. Due to her contributions, we nominate her as go-storage contributor in [#21](https://github.com/beyondstorage/community/pull/21). Since then, she has continued to participate in community communication and contribute to the project.
```

I think we should not judge "improved her personal skills and project understanding" in nomination? In other words, nomination is based on contribution and commitment, instead of competence and improvement?

Reviewer 2: Others LGTM
